Add New Tutorial (Jupyter Notebook): Building a RAG Application with Couchbase and AG2 (#37)
couchbase-examples/vector-search-cookbook: ag2/frontmatter.md

---
# frontmatter
path: "/tutorial-couchbase-ag2-rag"
title: Build a RAG Application with Couchbase and AG2
short_title: RAG with Couchbase & AG2
description:
  - Learn how Couchbase and AG2 simplify RAG applications  
  - Store and retrieve document embeddings with Couchbase Vector Search  
  - Build an AI agent that answers questions from documentation links 
content_type: tutorial
filter: sdk
technology:
  - vector search
tags:
  - Artificial Intelligence

> sdk_language:

Reviewer: Use Autogen and Ag2 tag as well atleast

Author: Added 👍

Author: I have added a PR on the couchbase-tutorials for the these tags to be approved by the test frontmatter. Here is the [PR](https://github.com/couchbase-examples/couchbase-tutorials/pull/51) for the same.

---
# frontmatter
path: "/tutorial-couchbase-ag2-rag"

> title: Build a RAG Application with Couchbase and AG2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Build an Agentic RAG Application with Couchbase and AG2
```

short_title: RAG with Couchbase & AG2
description:
  - Learn how Couchbase and AG2 simplify RAG applications  
  - Store and retrieve document embeddings with Couchbase Vector Search  
  - Build an AI agent that answers questions from documentation links 
content_type: tutorial
filter: sdk
technology:
  - vector search
tags:
  - Artificial Intelligence
  - Autogen
  - Ag2
sdk_language:
  - python

> length: 20 Mins

Reviewer: Increase the length. 20 mins is way too low
